CREATE TABLE ifg_kafka_mainstream
(
pk_composite_key STRING,
h_application_short_name STRING,
h_application_name STRING,
h_event_model_code STRING,
h_event_model_name STRING,
h_event_model_name_ebs STRING,
h_event_class_code STRING,
h_event_class_name STRING,
h_event_type_code STRING,
h_event_type_name STRING,
h_trx_id STRING,
h_trx_num STRING,
h_trx_source_description STRING,
h_trx_date DATE,
h_gl_date DATE,
h_trx_ref_id STRING,
h_currency_code STRING,
h_exchange_rate_type STRING,
h_exchange_date STRING,
h_exchange_rate STRING,
h_biaya_adm STRING,
h_lebih_bayar STRING,
h_no_kontrak STRING,
no_polis STRING,
h_produk STRING,
h_no_claim STRING,
h_bukti_pembayaran STRING,
h_bukti_penerimaan STRING,
line_number STRING,
l_line_number STRING,
l_line_type STRING,
l_applied_to_trx_id STRING,
l_applied_to_trx_num STRING,
l_entitas_edb STRING,
l_entitas_ebs STRING,
l_cabang_edb STRING,
l_cabang_ebs STRING,
l_cost_center_edb STRING,
l_cost_center_ebs STRING,
l_nat_account_efin_edb STRING,
l_nat_account_efin_ebs STRING,
l_bank_invest_edb STRING,
l_bank_invest_ebs STRING,
l_lob_produk_edb STRING,
l_lob_produk_ebs STRING,
l_channel_edb STRING,
l_channel_ebs STRING,
l_program_kerja_edb STRING,
l_program_kerja_ebs STRING,
l_intercompany_edb STRING,
l_intercompany_ebs STRING,
l_future1_edb STRING,
l_future1_ebs STRING,
l_future2_edb STRING,
l_future2_ebs STRING,
l_future3_edb STRING,
l_future3_ebs STRING,
l_amount STRING,
l_base_amount STRING,
l_line_description STRING,
l_no_kontrak STRING,
l_no_polis STRING,
l_produk STRING,
l_no_claim STRING,
l_bukti_pembayaran STRING,
l_bukti_penerimaan STRING,
attribute7 STRING,
attribute8 STRING,
attribute9 STRING,
attribute10 STRING,
attribute11 STRING,
attribute12 STRING,
attribute13 STRING,
attribute14 STRING,
attribute15 STRING,
attribute16 STRING,
attribute17 STRING,
attribute18 STRING,
attribute19 STRING,
attribute20 STRING,
attribute21 STRING,
attribute22 STRING,
attribute23 STRING,
attribute24 STRING,
attribute25 STRING,
attribute26 STRING,
attribute27 STRING,
attribute28 STRING,
attribute29 STRING,
attribute30 STRING,
err_message STRING,
created_by STRING,
creation_date STRING,
last_updated_by STRING,
last_update_date STRING,
created_date STRING,
last_upd_date STRING,
h_timestamp STRING,
  CONSTRAINT `trx_unique` PRIMARY KEY (`pk_composite_key`) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
  'properties.security.protocol' = 'SASL_SSL',
  'properties.bootstrap.servers' = 'ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker0.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093,ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker1.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093,ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker2.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093',
  'connector' = 'upsert-kafka',
  'properties.sasl.mechanism' = 'PLAIN',
  'value.format' = 'json',
  'properties.sasl.jaas.config' = 'org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username="srv_ifg_talend_svcacc" password="Qlik1234!";',
  'key.format' = 'csv',
  'topic' = 't_ifg_header_lines'
)