create table ifg_kafka_mainstream (
pk_composite_key STRING,
h_legal_entity_id STRING,
h_ledger_id STRING,
h_application_id STRING,
h_request_id STRING,
h_application_name STRING,
h_application_name_ebs STRING,
h_event_model_code STRING,
h_event_model_name STRING,
h_event_model_name_ebs STRING,
h_event_class_code STRING,
h_event_class_name STRING,
h_event_type_code STRING,
h_event_type_name STRING,
h_trx_id STRING,
h_trx_num STRING,
h_trx_source_description STRING,
h_trx_date DATE,
h_gl_date DATE,
h_trx_ref_id STRING,
h_currency_code STRING,
h_exchange_rate_type STRING,
h_exchange_date STRING,
h_exchange_rate STRING,
h_biaya_adm STRING,
h_lebih_bayar STRING,
h_no_kontrak STRING,
h_no_polis STRING,
h_produk STRING,
h_no_claim STRING,
h_bukti_pembayaran STRING,
h_bukti_penerimaan STRING,
h_jenisnya STRING,
h_bayar_tenor STRING,
h_cara_bayar STRING,
h_migrasi STRING,
h_jenis_klaim STRING,
h_nama_peserta STRING,
h_no_desisi STRING,
h_no_mutasi STRING,
h_created_by STRING,
h_creation_date STRING,
h_last_updated_by STRING,
h_last_update_date STRING,
h_process_flag STRING,
l_line_number STRING,
l_line_type STRING,
l_applied_to_trx_id STRING,
l_applied_to_trx_num STRING,
l_entitas_edb STRING,
l_entitas_ebs STRING,
l_cabang_edb STRING,
l_cabang_ebs STRING,
l_cost_center_edb STRING,
l_cost_center_ebs STRING,
l_nat_account_efin_edb STRING,
l_nat_account_efin_ebs STRING,
l_bank_invest_edb STRING,
l_bank_invest_ebs STRING,
l_lob_produk_edb STRING,
l_lob_produk_ebs STRING,
l_channel_edb STRING,
l_channel_ebs STRING,
l_program_kerja_edb STRING,
l_program_kerja_ebs STRING,
l_intercompany_edb STRING,
l_intercompany_ebs STRING,
l_future1_edb STRING,
l_future1_ebs STRING,
l_future2_edb STRING,
l_future2_ebs STRING,
l_future3_edb STRING,
l_future3_ebs STRING,
l_amount STRING,
l_base_amount STRING,
l_line_description STRING,
l_no_kontrak STRING,
l_no_polis STRING,
l_produk STRING,
l_no_claim STRING,
l_jenis_klaim_invest STRING,
l_nama_bank STRING,
l_jenis_klaim STRING,
l_interco STRING,
l_jns_trans_reasuransi STRING,
l_sektor_usaha STRING,
l_sektor_mitra STRING,
l_wilayah STRING,
l_kode_rayon STRING,
l_wni STRING,
l_attribute24 STRING,
l_attribute25 STRING,
l_attribute26 STRING,
l_attribute27 STRING,
l_attribute28 STRING,
l_attribute29 STRING,
l_attribute30 STRING,
l_created_by STRING,
l_creation_date STRING,
l_last_updated_by STRING,
l_last_update_date STRING,
l_etl_date STRING,
l_process_flag STRING,
err_message_1 STRING,
err_message_2 STRING,
err_message_3 STRING,
err_message_4 STRING,
err_message_5 STRING,
err_message_6 STRING,
err_message_7 STRING,
err_message_8 STRING,
err_message_9 STRING,
err_message_10 STRING,
err_message_11 STRING,
err_message_12 STRING,
xla_status STRING,
  CONSTRAINT `pk_mainstream` PRIMARY KEY (`pk_composite_key`) NOT ENFORCED
) WITH (
  'properties.security.protocol' = 'SASL_SSL',
  'properties.bootstrap.servers' = 'ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker0.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093,ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker1.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093,ifg-datahub-kafka-corebroker2.ifg-poc.spyl-s00y.cloudera.site:9093',
  'key.format' = 'csv',
  'connector' = 'upsert-kafka',
  'properties.sasl.mechanism' = 'PLAIN',
  'value.format' = 'json',
  'properties.sasl.jaas.config' = 'org.apache.kafka.common.security.plain.PlainLoginModule required username="srv_ifg_talend_svcacc" password="******";',
  'topic' = 't_ifg_header_lines'
)
